Split contributing docs to multiple files (#36961)
mistercrunch/Airflow: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Contributions primer
====================

.. contents:: :local:

Contributions are welcome and are greatly appreciated! Every little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

> This document explains general contribution rules and links to detailed documentation that aim to explain
> the subject of contributions if you have not contributed to any Open Source project, but it will also help
> people who have contributed to other projects learn about the rules of that community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains general contribution rules and links to detailed documentation that aims to explain
the subject of contributions. This is particularly useful if you are new to Open Source, but it will also help
people who have contributed to other projects learn about the rules of our community.
```

Or something similar.

community - mostly Airflow committers (maintainers). Mentoring new members of the community is part of
maintainers job so do not be afraid of asking them to help you. You can do it
via comments in your PR, asking on a devlist or via Slack. For your convenience,
we have a dedicated ``#development-first-pr-support`` Slack channel where you can ask any questions
about making your first Pull Request (PR) contribution to the Airflow codebase - it's a safe space
where it is expected that people asking questions do not know a lot Airflow (yet!).
If you need help with Airflow see the Slack channel #troubleshooting.

To check on how mentoring works for the projects under Apache Software Foundation's
`Apache Community Development - Mentoring <https://community.apache.org/mentoring/>`_.

Commit Policy
-------------

The following commit policy passed by a vote 8(binding) FOR to 0 against on May 27, 2016 on the dev list
and slightly modified and consensus reached in October 2020:

* Commits need a +1 vote from a committer who is not the author
* Do not merge a PR that regresses linting or does not pass CI tests (unless we have
  justification such as clearly transient error).

> * When we do AIP voting, both PMC and committer +1s are considered as binding vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When we do AIP voting, both PMC and committer +1s are considered a binding vote.
```
